Should You Buy Email Lists?


Recommend Article   Article Comments   Print Article Share this article on Facebook Share this article on Twitter Share this article on Google+ Share this article on Linkedin Share this article on StumbleUpon Share this article on Delicious Share this article on Digg Share this article on Reddit Share this article on Pinterest Expert Author Kasey N Brewer
Many want to buy email lists when they are starting to get into affiliate marketing. Many don't realize that even though they may get some amount of result from the list they are buying, this is far from being practical.

What you get when you buy email lists

A list that has been sold and resold to hundreds of other email marketers. Whoever is on that list is already saturated with offers.
Old email lists. List owners will never sanitize their list because they know that if they do, their list will get cut to less than half. You will be paying email addresses that are no good.
Email list owners will never guarantee how responsive their list is. You will be paying for email addresses without knowing how many will subscribe.
It is illegal to buy or sell email lists. Many are doing it but it doesn't mean you will, like the others, get away with it.
You should utilize other ways to grow your list other than going ahead to buy email lists. Below are some tactics that are guaranteed safe and will maximize your investments.

Put ads on newsletters. This needs a bit of explanation. You can partner with companies or sites that send monthly newsletters to their customers. Put a text-based ad with a link to your landing page on these newsletters. There are different sites that will put the ads for you, for a fee of course but they end up being more cost efficient than when you buy email list. You will get higher response rate since these list are not saturated with marketing offers by other affiliate marketers yet.
Use social media. A Facebook page and LinkedIn group are powerful tools to get more subscribers. If you can create a group or a page with a unique concept and will provide information and other contents to users, you will have no trouble getting members to like and sign up to your page. You can then advertise your landing page these members to get more subscribers.
Offer freebies. Participate in forums, check out blogs and the people who comment on them, go to tumbler and send messages to users and offer them something for free.
Utilize your friends. Start with your friends. Ask for their help. Tell them to advertise your landing page to their friends and ask their friends to do the same.
Website. Create your own website and not just a landing page. It could be a blog site or anything that will offer something valuable to visitors for them to want to get into your email list. You also must make sure you will be sending value information or resources to them once they get into your list.
These tactics work. This is the same tactic I have used for more than 3 years and I am now able to fully rely on affiliate marketing for my income. Just remember that your main priority is to give valuable information to your subscribers. That's how you will get new subscribers and that's how you will keep them.

Kasey Brewer is the PR manager of Admailr. It is a platform that allows you to put text-based ads to newsletters of other list owners. You can advertise your landing page on these newsletters to get subscribers. Click here for more information.
